Heart:
The heart is a vital organ, the size of a human fist, which is reponsible for transporting blood and nutrients around the body. Some specific functions includes transporting oxygen, water, lymphatics, hormones and waste byproducts around the body.

1) The Pulmonary Trunk is a major vessel of the human heart that originates from the right ventricle. It branches into the right and left pulmonary arteries, which lead to the lungs.
2) The Left Ventricle is Located in a posterior and lateral location relative to the right ventricle. With right ventricle, it forms apex of heart.
3) The left ventricle is the thickest of the heart’s chambers and is responsible for pumping oxygenated blood to tissues all over the body.

Brain:
The human brain is an organ of the human central nervous system.

1) The frontal lobes are involved in motor function, problem solving, spontaneity, memory, language, initiation, judgement, impulse control, and social and sexual behavior.
2) A Cistern is any opening in the subarachnoid space of the brain created by a separation of the arachnoid and pia mater. These spaces are filled with cerebrospinal fluid.
3) The cerebellum receives information from the sensory systems, the spinal cord, and other parts of the brain and then regulates motor movements, affecting posture, balance, coordination, and speech.

Abdomen:
The muscles of the abdomen protect vital organs underneath and provide structure for the spine. These muscles help the body bend at the waist.

1) The Rectus Abdominis muscle is located in the front of the body, beginning at the pubic bone and ending at the sternum.
2) The internal abdominal oblique muscle supports the abdominal wall, assists in forced respiration, aids in raising pressure in the abdominal area, and rotates and turns the trunk.

Spinal Bones:

1) The cervical spine consists of seven vertebrae, which are the smallest and uppermost in location and support the skull, move the spine, and protect the spinal cord, a bundle of nerves connected to the brain.
2) The thoracic spinal vertebrae consist of 12 total vertebrae and supports the top of the human body.
3) The lumbar vertebrae are the largest movable bones of the backbone. Their larger size and bone strength is necessary because these vertebrae support more weight than the upper two segments of the backbone.

Spinal Cord:

1) Cervical spine nerve roots. In the cervical spine, the nerve root is named for the lower segment that it runs between C6 nerve root at C5-C6 segment.
2) Lumbar spine nerve roots. In the lumbar spine, the nerve is named for the upper segment that it runs between L4 nerve root at L4-L5 segment.

Large Intestine:

1) The Ascending Colon is the beginning part of the colon

3) The Descending Colon is part of the large intestine, the final part of the digestive system. Its function is to reabsorb fluids and process waste products from the body and prepare for its elimination. 

Diaphragm:
A dome-shaped, muscular partition separating the thorax from the abdomen that plays a major role in breathing, as its contraction increases the volume of the thorax and so inflates the lungs.

Foot bones:
These include the three cuneiform bones, the cuboid bone, and the navicular bone. The hindfoot forms the heel and ankle. The talus bone supports the leg bones (tibia and fibula), forming the ankle. The calcaneus (heel bone) is the largest bone in the foot.

1)  Calcaneus bone the largest of the tarsus of the foot which constitutes the heel. At the front, the heel bone features many curves to accommodate the talus and the many different tarsal bones, which lead to the metatarsals and phalanges that make up the front of the foot and toes.
2) The Tibia supports most of your weight and is an important part of both the knee joint and ankle joint. The tibia is the larger bone in your lower leg.
3) The metatarsal bones, or metatarsus are a group of five long bones in the foot, located between the tarsal bones of the hind- and mid-foot and the phalanges of the toes.


HELP MENU
Point the object to the target image.
Move around your tablet to get a different view of the object.
On the bottom left, there are 4 information buttons. The "General" selection will give an overview of the anatomy under view. Selecting the remaining options will highlight and provide further information.
To return to the main menu, select the back button at the top left of the screen.
